``I have the following commands:

!help - Brings up this command

!monster - Generates a basic monster

!friend - Generates a friendly monster

!boss - Generates a boss, who may also be a monster, with items and underlings

!sexymonster - Generates a potentially sexier monster

!roll - Rolls a dice, or a string. XdY format, with X being the number of dice and Y being the sides per dice. Alternatively Y can be a string of characters
example: !roll 2d6   !roll 7d7   !roll 4dLOL   !roll 20dHelloWorld

!gay - Adds to the current total gay level of the bot as a whole

!lesbian - Generates a lesbian

!lesbifriend - Generates a lesbian who is friendly

!slash - Generates a slashfic prompt, requires a character set, such as fe3h or da, an optional pairing format, such as f/f, m/m/m, or a/m/f/a, and an optional sublist such as blackeagles, bluelions, goldendeer, churchofseiros. Can use multiple character sets or sublists by separating with a ,
example: !slash fe3h f/f !slash me,da m/a !slash fe3h f/f/f blackeagles,goldendeer

!generatename - Generates a name, optionally can take a maximum phoneme count, or a maximum and a minimum phoneme count, however maximum cannot be less than minimum, and both must be above 0 and less than 100
example: !generatename 10 !generatename 9 3

!howgoodis - Takes something and tells you how good it is. Less enthusiastic of nothing.

!gacha - Take your chances and receive... heroes? with rarity! It means just as much as any other gacha game! You can also give it a number, and it'll pull that many, between 1 and 12
example: !gacha !gacha 3 !gacha 12

!itemgacha - Take your chances and receive an item, with a rarity! It means just as much as any other gacha game!

!princess - Generates a weird princess. It is a verbose command.

!setreminder - This sets a reminder in allidroid to be sent to the channel which the command is used. It has a delay set in minutes, and then the message which Allidroid will say
example: !reminder 120 take your meds! !reminder 3 @AnomAllison your noodles are ready!

!feedback - gives a link to the Google Form to give AnomAllison, my creator, feedback about Allidroid
``